# UNION Transport Carrier // [DATE REDACTED]
To pass their graduation exam, Squad **DELTA-ECHO-ECHO-ZULU** had been given a livefire mission from the Academy, and had been sent to the edges of UNION space.

The people of Aldrin have cast off anthrochauvinism, defeated scarcity, and fully committed themselves to the Utopian Pillars. Citizens of Hadfield and Collins Point wait with bated breath for the imminent arrival of administrators from Union and the system’s formal acceptance into galactic society.

On the edge of the system, there are just a few loose ends to clean up. The Aldrin system has a pirate problem; and Squad **DELTA-ECHO-ECHO-ZULU** agreed to help the Aldrin Trade Bureau raid their lair. Thus finding themselves in a briefing room aboard an ATB frigate, wondering what the next few hours will hold.

Finding and eliminating enemy forces under strict non-lethal means, the Squad found themselves in an intense situation as they discover hostages under the pirate leader, bargaining for a way out in exchange for the lives of innocent people.

With **ZIPPO'S** mechanical know-how and silver tongue, he managed to convince the pirate lord to leave using an archaic rocket, only to kill him with a remote controlled turret just as he was taking off.


# UNION Transport Carrier // [DATE REDACTED]

With the hostages and the Computer Core secured, **DELTA-ECHO-ECHO-ZULU** returns to the ship, only to find out that the intel gleaned from the core were damning logs from Harrison Armory, plotting to sabotage the envoy and planting a false flag operation on the incoming UNION delegation.

# UNION Shuttle Carrier // [DATE REDACTED]

With no time to lose, the Squad valiantly fights off the enemy, saving every soul on board with no casualties.

UNION higher ups declare Mission Success.