# Mission // #003
## Daybreak

Messages have been arriving by courier that LSA reinforcements have started arriving and massing just outside Nov Elysia in preparation for a coordinated push to take and secure the city’s central district from Sovereignty forces. With the district back under their control locating the captain and the ambassador should follow shortly.

Squad **DELTA-ECHO-ECHO-ZULU** a different objective, one that’s even more crucial to the success of this mission. It’s time to do something about the jamming that’s been blanketing the city; as long as it remains, there are concerns that, lacking the ability to properly coordinate, the LSA’s push to retake the central district will be picked apart. Based on intel gathered from various Union squads following their arrival at FOB Saber, it seems the Sovereignty has deployed a network of jamming transmitter units throughout the city. Some squads managed to destroy several that they encountered on their way to the base, but that wasn’t enough to bring the network down.

In order to neutralize the jamming, the entire transmitter network is going to need to be taken offline. Fortunately, Rio has put together a viral code-spike package that should be capable of disabling the network from a single transmission point. Once loaded onto the PCs’ mechs, all they need to do is find a transmitter unit and upload the program, which will happen automatically. However, this will require close proximity access in order to establish a clean link, which means finding and securing a transmitter long enough for the program to upload itself.

Local LSA forces believe there to be a jamming transmitter located within striking distance of **FOB Saber**, but their intel also suggests that Sovereignty forces are heavily reinforcing it, including airborne units patrolling the area. 



# Mission Objectives 
- Neutralize the enemy's comms jamming network, then locate and secure Captain Farris and Ambassador Bannerjee.

# Mission Parameters
- Intel places the nearest transmitter within a nearby financial/commercial district. The area is densely packed with tall buildings, and there are reports that the Vestan Sovereignty has begun to deploy air assets in defense of its strongpoints throughout the city. The existence of the jamming network also indicates that the Sovereignty forces have significant electronic warfare assets at their disposal; anticipate systemic invasion and localized sensor jamming/optical camouflage-equivalent capabilities. 

# Stakes
- If the players fail to neutralize the enemy jamming network on schedule, the LSA advance into Nov Elysia's central district will face heavy resistance, incurring serious casualties which may hinder their ability to retake the city effectively. Should they then fail to locate and secure Captain Farris and Ambassador Bannerjee, it will likely result in them being taken prisoner or even killed.

# Reserves
- None at this time.